chore(na): add 5.0 release notes (#2054)
medic/cht-docs: content/en/hosting/cht/migration/preparing-for-5.md

* The Nouveau index data on the server will be stored in `${COUCHDB_DATA}/nouveau` for single-node CouchDBs and in `${DB1_DATA}/nouveau` for clustered CouchDBs.
* The following `medic-client` views no longer exist. Be sure to update any custom scripts which use them:  `contacts_by_freetext`,  `contacts_by_type_freetext` and  `reports_by_freetext` .

> ### Replication and online search don't work after upgrade

Reviewer: maybe we should include "temporarily" here, lots of people don't end up reading the fine print.

> ### Replication and online search don't work after upgrade

Reviewer 2: I am unsure if my suggestion is the best fit here, but the initial version sounded like the replication and the online search don't work **ever again**. Another option:

- Replication and online search are temporarily unavailable immediately after upgrade and require a brief waiting period

cc @dianabarsan if you have some other suggestion.

> ### Replication and online search don't work after upgrade

Author: Diana had suggested front loading with "Temporary"  which I think works!

With the addition of the both [the disk use reduction](/releases/5_0_0/#reducing-hosting-total-cost-of-ownership) feature and the [replication speed improvements](/releases/5_0_0/#seconds-to-synchronize-lower-is-better), there are two indexes that need to be built in CouchDB Nouveau after upgrade.  As these indexes can only be created after the upgrade, this has lead to [a bug](https://github.com/medic/cht-core/issues/10460) that services which use these indexes won't work for a short period.  The services are:
* Replication for offline users - instead of replication working, it will timeout after an hour.

> * Search for online users - when a search is run, no results will be returned.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Search for online users - Search functionality will return results as soon as indexing finishes.
```

The fix is to wait until the indexes are built.  This is a one time operation happening only directly after a 4.x instance upgrades to a 5.0.  Upgrades from 5.0 to later versions will not be affected.  New 5.0 installations will not be affected.

> Very small deployments may not even notice this issue, as the indexes should be built quickly.  Very large deployments may need to wait up to 24 hours.  Any deployment can go to Fauxton at `/_utils/#/activetasks` (eg `https://cht.example.com/_utils/#/activetasks`) to see a list of active tasks.  When there are no more `search_indexer` tasks, the instance is OK to use.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

What to expect:

- Small deployments: Indexes typically complete within minutes, and you may not notice any service interruption.
- Large deployments: Index building may take up to 24 hours, depending on data volume.
- All deployments: Services automatically resume normal operation once indexing completes.

Monitoring progress:
You can track the indexing progress in real-time by navigating to Fauxton's active tasks page at `/_utils/#/activetasks` (for example, `https://cht.example.com/_utils/#/activetasks`). Once all `search_indexer` tasks have disappeared from the list, the upgrade is complete and all services are operational.
```

Background information:

> * [Replcation and online freetext search fail after 5.0 upgrade](https://github.com/medic/cht-core/issues/10460)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* [Reduce disk space with CouchDB Nouveau (TCO)](https://github.com/medic/cht-core/issues/9542)
* [Short downtime for replication and online search immediately after 5.0 upgrade](https://github.com/medic/cht-core/issues/10460)
```
